Upgrade and fix modules scenario (#309)
hashicorp/katakoda: terraform-use-modules/step2.md

Module outputs are usually either passed to other parts of your configuration,
or defined as outputs in your root module. You will implement both uses in this tutorial.

> Open `outputs.tf`{{open}} and review the output variables defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open `outputs.tf`{{open}} and review the outputs defined in it.
```

Per [the docs](https://www.terraform.io/docs/language/values/outputs.html), it's either "output values" or "outputs".
